org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttributeSourceEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSourceEditorTests
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttributeSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSourceTests
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/PlatformTransactionManagerFacade.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.PlatformTransactionManagerFacade
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionalApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$SampleEvents
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/ReactiveTestTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.ReactiveTestTransactionManager
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttributeSourceAdvisorTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeSourceAdvisorTests
org/springframework/jca/support/LocalConnectionFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.jca.support.LocalConnectionFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/MapTransactionAttributeSource.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.MapTransactionAttributeSource
org/springframework/transaction/config/AnnotationDrivenTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.AnnotationDrivenTests
 org.springframework.transaction.config.AnnotationDrivenTests$TransactionCheckingInterceptor
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionInterceptorTests$SerializableTransactionManager
org/springframework/transaction/TransactionSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSupportTests
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSupportTests$2
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSupportTests$3
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSupportTests$4
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSupportTests$5
 org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSupportTests$6
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/TransactionalOperatorTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.TransactionalOperatorTests
org/springframework/transaction/support/SimpleTransactionScopeTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.SimpleTransactionScopeTests
org/springframework/transaction/config/NoSynch.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.NoSynch
org/springframework/dao/support/ChainedPersistenceExceptionTranslatorTests.java
 org.springframework.dao.support.ChainedPersistenceExceptionTranslatorTests
org/springframework/transaction/MockJtaTransaction.java
 org.springframework.transaction.MockJtaTransaction
org/springframework/transaction/JtaTransactionManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$10
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$11
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$12
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$13
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$14
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$15
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$16
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$17
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$18
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$19
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$2
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$20
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$20$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$21
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$21$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$22
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$23
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$24
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$25
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$26
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$27
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$28
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$29
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$3
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$30
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$31
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$32
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$33
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$33$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$34
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$34$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$35
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$35$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$36
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$36$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$37
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$37$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$38
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$38$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$39
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$4
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$40
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$40$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$5
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$6
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$7
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$8
 org.springframework.transaction.JtaTransactionManagerTests$9
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/TransactionAttributeEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAttributeEditorTests
org/springframework/dao/annotation/PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests.java
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$CustomStereotypedRepositoryInterfaceImpl
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$MyInterfaceInheritedStereotypedRepositoryInterfaceImpl
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$MyInterfaceStereotypedRepositoryInterfaceImpl
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$MyRepository
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$MyStereotypedRepositoryInterfaceImpl
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$RepositoryInterface
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$RepositoryInterfaceImpl
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$StereotypedInheritingInterface
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$StereotypedInterface
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationAdvisorTests$StereotypedRepositoryInterfaceImpl
org/springframework/transaction/MockCallbackPreferringTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.MockCallbackPreferringTransactionManager
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$BaseInterface
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$OtherService
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$OtherServiceImpl
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$SomeService
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$SomeServiceImpl
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$TestClassLevelOnly
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$TestWithExceptions
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$TestWithInterface
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$TestWithInterfaceImpl
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$TestWithMultiMethodOverride
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$TestWithReactive
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$TestWithSingleMethodOverride
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$TestWithSingleMethodOverrideInverted
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionInterceptorTests$TestWithVavrTry
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/AbstractReactiveTransactionAspectTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractReactiveTransactionAspectTests
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractReactiveTransactionAspectTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractReactiveTransactionAspectTests$2
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractReactiveTransactionAspectTests$DefaultTestBean
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractReactiveTransactionAspectTests$TestBean
org/springframework/dao/support/DataAccessUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.dao.support.DataAccessUtilsTests
 org.springframework.dao.support.DataAccessUtilsTests$MapPersistenceExceptionTranslator
org/springframework/jca/cci/CciLocalTransactionTests.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.CciLocalTransactionTests
 org.springframework.jca.cci.CciLocalTransactionTests$1
 org.springframework.jca.cci.CciLocalTransactionTests$2
org/springframework/transaction/config/NoSynchTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.NoSynchTransactionManager
org/springframework/transaction/TestTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TestTransactionManager
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/EnableTransactionManagementTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$BaseTransactionalInterface
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$ChildEnableTxConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$EnableAspectjTxConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$EnableTxConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$InheritedEnableTxConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$MultiTxManagerConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$NeverCondition
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$ParentEnableTxConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$PlaceholderConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$PrimaryMultiTxManagerConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$PrimaryTxManagerAndTxMgmtConfigurerConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$SingleTxManagerBeanAndTxMgmtConfigurerConfig
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$Spr11915Config
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$Spr14322ConfigA
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$Spr14322ConfigB
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$TransactionalTestBean
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$TransactionalTestInterface
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$TransactionalTestService
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagementTests$TxManagerConfig
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/AbstractTransactionAspectTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractTransactionAspectTests
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractTransactionAspectTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractTransactionAspectTests$2
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractTransactionAspectTests$3
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractTransactionAspectTests$4
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractTransactionAspectTests$5
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractTransactionAspectTests$6
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.AbstractTransactionAspectTests$7
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/RuleBasedTransactionAttributeTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.RuleBasedTransactionAttributeTests
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.RuleBasedTransactionAttributeTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.RuleBasedTransactionAttributeTests$MyBusinessException
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.RuleBasedTransactionAttributeTests$MyBusinessWarningException
org/springframework/transaction/TxNamespaceHandlerEventTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TxNamespaceHandlerEventTests
org/springframework/transaction/jta/WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$10
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$11
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$12
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$13
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$14
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$14$1
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$15
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$15$1
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$16
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$16$1
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$2
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$3
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$4
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$5
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$6
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$7
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$8
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.WebSphereUowTransactionManagerTests$9
org/springframework/transaction/jta/MockUOWManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.jta.MockUOWManager
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$Ejb3AnnotatedBean1
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$Ejb3AnnotatedBean2
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$Ejb3AnnotatedBean3
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$Empty
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$GroovyTestBean
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$ITestBean1
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$ITestBean2
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$ITestBean2X
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$ITestBean3
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$ITestEjb
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$ITestJta
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$JtaAnnotatedBean1
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$JtaAnnotatedBean2
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$JtaAnnotatedBean3
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean1
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean10
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean11
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean2
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean3
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean4
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean5
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean6
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean7
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean8
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestBean9
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestInterface10
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TestInterface9
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$Tx
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionAttributeSourceTests$TxWithAttribute
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/RollbackRuleTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.RollbackRuleTests
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.RollbackRuleTests$EnclosingException
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.RollbackRuleTests$EnclosingException$EnclosedException
org/springframework/transaction/support/JtaTransactionManagerSerializationTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.support.JtaTransactionManagerSerializationTests
org/springframework/dao/annotation/PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessorTests$Additional
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessorTests$LogAllAspect
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessorTests$MyPersistenceExceptionTranslator
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessorTests$RepositoryWithoutInterface
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessorTests$RepositoryWithoutInterfaceAndOtherwiseAdvised
org/springframework/transaction/config/TransactionalService.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.TransactionalService
org/springframework/transaction/JndiJtaTransactionManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.JndiJtaTransactionManagerTests
 org.springframework.transaction.JndiJtaTransactionManagerTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.JndiJtaTransactionManagerTests$2
 org.springframework.transaction.JndiJtaTransactionManagerTests$3
 org.springframework.transaction.JndiJtaTransactionManagerTests$4
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/MyRuntimeException.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.MyRuntimeException
org/springframework/transaction/TxNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.TxNamespaceHandlerTests
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/BeanFactoryTransactionTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.BeanFactoryTransactionTests
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.BeanFactoryTransactionTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.BeanFactoryTransactionTests$InvocationCounterInterceptor
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.BeanFactoryTransactionTests$InvocationCounterPointcut
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/ImplementsNoInterfaces.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.ImplementsNoInterfaces
org/springframework/transaction/reactive/ReactiveTransactionSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.reactive.ReactiveTransactionSupportTests
org/springframework/transaction/annotation/AnnotationTransactionNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionNamespaceHandlerTests
 org.springframework.transaction.annotation.AnnotationTransactionNamespaceHandlerTests$TransactionalTestBean
org/springframework/jca/cci/CciTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.CciTemplateTests
 org.springframework.jca.cci.CciTemplateTests$1
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionalEventListenerTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$1
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$2
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$3
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$4
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$5
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$AfterCommitEventListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$AfterCommitMetaAnnotationTestListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$AfterCompletionExplicitTestListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$AfterCompletionTestListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$BaseTransactionalTestListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$BasicConfiguration
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$BeforeCommitTestListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$EventCollector
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$EventTransactionSynchronization
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$FallbackExecutionTestListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$ImmediateTestListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$TestBean
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$TransactionalComponentTestListener
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalEventListenerTests$TransactionalComponentTestListenerInterface
org/springframework/dao/annotation/PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptorTests$CallOrderAwareExceptionTranslator
org/springframework/jca/cci/EisOperationTests.java
 org.springframework.jca.cci.EisOperationTests
 org.springframework.jca.cci.EisOperationTests$MappingRecordOperationImpl
 org.springframework.jca.cci.EisOperationTests$QueryCallDetector
org/springframework/transaction/event/CapturingSynchronizationCallback.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.CapturingSynchronizationCallback
org/springframework/transaction/config/TransactionManagerConfiguration.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.TransactionManagerConfiguration
org/springframework/transaction/interceptor/ReactiveTransactionInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.ReactiveTransactionInterceptorTests
org/springframework/transaction/event/TransactionalApplicationListenerAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.transaction.event.TransactionalApplicationListenerAdapterTests
org/springframework/transaction/config/SynchTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.transaction.config.SynchTransactionManager
